Added Troubleshooting to README.md (#6)
yannbouteiller/vgamepad: README.md

time.sleep(1.0)
```
---
### Troubleshooting:

> 1.  Users on older python versions (notibly 3.8.1) may receive ```TypeError: item 3 in _argtypes_ passes a union by value, which is unsupported```.  If you are not planning on using the DualShock portion of this module, this issue can be remedied by commenting out Line 174 in [vigem_client.py](https://github.com/yannbouteiller/vgamepad/blob/main/vgamepad/win/vigem_client.py) ```vigem_target_ds4_update_ex.argtypes = (c_void_p, c_void_p, DS4_REPORT_EX)```.  Other fixes may include updating python to the most recent patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Users on older python versions (notably 3.8.1 and 3.7.6) may receive `TypeError: item 3 in _argtypes_ passes a union by value, which is unsupported`.
If you are not planning on using the DualShock portion of this module, this issue can be remedied by commenting out Line 174 in [vigem_client.py](/vgamepad/win/vigem_client.py) `vigem_target_ds4_update_ex.argtypes = (c_void_p, c_void_p, DS4_REPORT_EX)`.
Other fixes may include updating python to the most recent patch.
```

- added 3.7.6 as another affected version
- changed triple backticks to single - inline code uses single backticks, triple backticks are for code blocks :-)
- changed link to repo-based instead of github-website-based
